she's the fitness guru known for toning
Hollywood's hottest bodies Tracey
Anderson Tracey Anderson Tracey Anderson
I'm so grateful to her hey baby
he would've danced when it felt Rose new
movie thanks for sharing giving us a
peek of Tracy's body of work same goes
for J Lo's dangerous curves I have never
in my life seen anybody work harder than
her like she is non-stop so for her to
be able to be supported like that it's
so important now Tracey making it
possible for the rest of us to eat our
way into shape with our new national
food delivery program I'm really picky
about how its prepared these little eggs
stackers there's eggplant there's
roasted red pepper in it the portions
are really big and the quality is really
good the goal fuel your body the way her
superstar clients like Gwyneth do she
loves the experience of food too so she
just doesn't live her life like on a
diet that's life changing those life
changing I love it see where all the
life changing begins what's the main
thing that women normally want to change
the most common thing for women it's
it's a lot you know each person when I
meet with them individually they have
everybody has their own journey and
everybody is really so unique so unique
I mean from where they're weak but the
main thing is like the butt really
starts to go so the butt needs to be
lifted
I meet with everybody in here this is
where the magic happens I love to get a
understanding of how did we get to this
place what are your hopes and dreams for
your body you know and I love I love
that I love analyzing each person and
hearing their stories and how they got
to this place you know why I love it
because I have the tools to fix it for
them and it's like I love my job so much
this is what shocked me the most the
heat the heat is really important you
know and these are my band systems that
I invented many many years ago and
they've just like I mean they change
bodies like you can't believe so this is
an ni I has my super G floor that I
invented as well which is pretty great
and you know there's all different kinds
of little apparatus that come in here
but the classes are fun we've got a lot
of men in here too and they're seen just
like they're getting like super ripped
and it's it's great it's a great feeling
it's it's fun to see everybody's
sweating in here every morning and
changing their lives and it's really fun
thank you for watching extra on YouTube
and for 24/7 updates on celebrity news
subscribe to our channel here like us on
Facebook here or follow us on Twitter
here and if you want your voice heard
leave a comment below we're right there